Video ID: eB8NlXoY9jo
Title: ⟪워킹 데드: 시즌 2⟫ EP.5-4
Model: whisper-base
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 다시 시작해서 캔이 미래다. 아이고 타이밍. 아깝다. 어차피 안 보이는데 총 쓰면 울컴. 아이고 타이밍. 아이고 총알 꾸먹으러 바람 잡고 들어오네. 아이고 타이밍. 불러. 싱싱 불어라. 싱싱싱싱싱싱싱. 숙여선서 만나버렸었죠. 캔이가 있을까요? 아이고 타이밍. 오. 들어서야 되는데 어떻게 막 도망가다. 아 살았어요. 짠. 오이 진짜 있어요. 아이고 타이밍. You alright? 네. Where's the kid. 아, 나한테는 그 사람? 제이! 또다 아, 쟤는 또 나간다 제이! 잡어, 잡어 빨리 근데 제, 제 킷니는 넵두잖아? 나간다? 나가면 어떻게 한 줄 알아요? 또 차가 낸다? 왜? 킷니는 어떻게 뒤져가지고 어, 다행이야 아, 나간다 제이, 어떻게 너 오케이? Where's the kid? 제이! Where is he? 난 몰라 아, 나가면 아, 나가면 안 돼? 아, 나가면 안 돼? 아, 나가면 안 돼? 뭐지? 너가? 나가면 안 돼? 나가면 안 돼? 나가면 안 돼? 킷니 또 나갔어 나가면 안 돼? 갑자기 갑자기 갑자기 갑자기 갑자기 뭐, 불쌍한 척 5만 불쌍한 척 하다가 킷니 잘 들어 표정 봐 엄청 오케이? Just trust me, Clan I don't understand You have to trust me You're gonna see what he really is 킷받혀서 Cany, calm down Don't do anything stupid 킷하려면 I quit Cany How could you kill a fucking girl? I didn't kill him It wasn't accident Cany I won't back down from you, Cany I'm warning you Cany, letter top J-Jane 누려기 좀 높아 싸우면 Cany 질 수도 있어 J-Jane 잘 싸워 질 수도 있어 Cany 당신을 위해 사는 마음 당신을 위해 사는 마음 Cany, get the fuck out 눈을 흐게 파는다 질 수도 있어 Cany! Cany, get the fuck out This is all your fucking fog This is shit Just go Fuckin' psycho This is on you Run! No, I don't have it Please I'll fucking kill you I'll do it Please Please I had enough I'm gonna die Listen to me Get her up Stop it I'm gonna kill her You son of a bitch Don't you dare I'm gonna kill you I'll kill you I'll kill you Fuck you Fuck you, I told you I'm gonna Run! Run! Cany will die Who will call me Do you know this? I'm gonna kill you in the prison Cany! Hey, Cany Let's go, come on She She just How could she do that? Oh, Jesus He's gone He's Oh, I'm not gonna let you go Cany is coming out of the prison Go! I'm right behind you What brings you here Missmet What are you doing? Where's this woman?! Sarah 아무것도 없елей도 없ramble이 없습니다atin 케이의 풍경성을 보여주기에 피시방 부를 거부겠으니까 Listen, I didn't want that to happen either I thought she killed Alvik lamb and at any point she could have stopped what was happening by saying he was fine She won't even fight I'd never ever hurt you You understand? I was pretending to be you You believe me right? I'm not sure The next time you're in a good mood Everything just went black I... I'm trying to get you out of the car I'm trying to get you out of the car Okay You're trying to get me out of the car Oh, but I can't see this I'm sorry Everything just went black I'm sorry Goody Can you die? Can you stop me from being late? I'm sorry I was trying to get you out of the car I'm sorry I was trying to get you out of the car I'm sorry I love you I love you You cheated Holy shit We did it, Clim It's... It's gotta be it I... I can't believe we found it How do you know? A giant wall out in the middle of nowhere? Come on That's gotta be it What are we waiting for? What are we waiting for? Come on Come on I'm just going to stay in the middle of nowhere Look at those walls Finally, feel safe, Clim Be able to sleep at night That's far enough Just stay still, Clim Do what she says Put your hands up, Clim Drop your weapons Drop your weapons Drop your weapons Drop your weapons Approach the gate Just a couple of people at the front gate They don't look like trouble Sounds good Hi, I'm Edith Name's Kenny And this year's Clementine Hello Oh, I want to hand some boy Look at him What's his name? Alvin Junior Is there someone named Krista in there? I don't think so, dear So, this is Wellington, right? A lot of people call it that Okay, so what do we do to get in? Well, I'm afraid this is the part Where I give you the bad news Why are you giving her a treat? I'm sorry, I really am But we have a baby This is hard for me too I don't want to turn anyone away, especially children But Just take the kids Please, just take the kids It's too dangerous out here for them Kenny, I... You can make room for that You can take back the supplies you gave us If that helps You can take it back If that helps, please Just... I need them to be safe And it's safe in there I know that Just ask someone Please, they won't make it out here Please Well, I'll ask it Just give me a second You don't need to look at me like that This is for the best We're not staying here without you Yes, you are No, we're not We're not staying here It's safe here You two will be safe That's what's important now We can take the children Just the children I need the case Thank you, thank you Listen, okay? Listen, this is your chance For you and this boy I don't trust myself to keep you too safe Not anymore Please, I'm begging you Please, stay here Stay here, we're safe We're you two will have a chance No, no! Why are you doing this? That's the only way For both of you If you're out there Please, go Do as I'm asking This one last time You make people You make friends No, we're leaving All of us Together Please, it's safe here If you don't stay together Is this how you do it? If you're greedy Is this how you do it? We're leaving I'm only supposed to give out one per group If you're in the area Check back in a few months We might be accepting people Thank you for the help And sorry for the language Oh, it's a shitty situation We're all doing the best we can You all stay safe out there If you were in the area I could have heard she said colours Is this... Can you buy the drink here? What did she say? Ask her to go in Come back 들어가기来다고 아니네 무슨 끝난다 시즌 3는 어떻게 이어가려고지? 아이저 의사도 물어보달래 오 되게 많은 사람이 제인하는게 봐야해 참 감사합니다 많은 사람이 제인 편을 들었네 캔일을 쏩니다 아 아니구나 잘못했구나 캔이야고 같이 떠나기를 한게 이거 남은거는 되게 많이 남았네 이게 캔이네 이게 쏘는게 비슷하게 썼는데 대부분 안 간다고 했네 여러분 왜 좋은 곳으로 안 간다고 안 간이 안 가면은 그래도 개동받에서 불러도 이승이 좋다는 말했잖아요 자기이랑 함께 정든사람하고 같이 살아야지 생판 부분들을 겪는다 몇달을 왜 자리가 당신을 낼게 아무튼 시즌 3 나오면 그때 같이 봅시다 그리고 아마 내일은 당연히 방송 안 하고 툴도 아마 힘들 것 같고 한다면 일요일인데 잘 모르겠어요 그리고 아마 다음에 할 게임은 순바국질 게임 아니면은 연골전 이렇게 할 것 같아요 워킹 되드는 여기까지입니다 선물해주신 마이크 언니 감사드리고요 여러분들 늦게까지 시청해주신 여러분들도 감사합니다 재밌었어요 안녕